#63: Remove DataLoader interface (#64)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-document: doc/changes/changes_4.0.0.md

## Refactoring

> * #61: Refactor DocumentNode structure to be dialect independent
> * #63: Remove DataLoader interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #61: Refactored DocumentNode structure to be dialect independent
* #63: Removed DataLoader interface
```
